[Music]
you go into this room that's lit by the
flares outside and the complexities of
the timing of the flares and that
exercises for a few months in
pre-production we in a sense constructed
the set in order to create the shadows
the windows splits in half and opens
just after the technic rains push
through it and floats down cameras then
unhooked from the techno crane
then operated by two grips who follow
George down the way in the reflection of
the puddle on the right there you get
the Flair's overhead and as that goes
out
Yuri introduces you to Schofield who's
walking away and there's this feeling of
triumph that somehow even though he
doesn't know where he's going even
though he's forgotten everything
he's still stumbling blindly on and he's
gonna succeed there out of nowhere from
the same place that's firing the flares
you hear this off-camera shouts and
these gunshots
when you're in cinema all you hear is
his breathing in the music and the
footsteps and then we built in this
moment way we pan round as he throws
himself down on the floor that who
gripped climb onto a small Jeep which
accelerates away pointing obviously the
camera backwards off the Jeep as he runs
towards camp
and you times it so that as the light
just begins to die he's up and running
again
and the game we go into darkness and
again the flair goes up and the music
bills
and here behind him on the wall is a
little homage to my grandmother that is
a poster for the circus
because my grandmother grew up in the
circus South America in the 20s and 30s
we'll be the first to hear it that's
available there's a blend point when he
crosses behind the wall through the
little there's a little tobacconist the
Flair's die and we go into this Main
Street
one of the things I said to Dennis gasps
to the fantastic production designer was
you need to construct the town as it
would have been before it was destroyed
so it has a logic to it and then we can
destroy Wow
this is Main Street leading into main
square with the colonnades on either
side so we knew whether tobacconist was
we knew where the cafes were where the
square was where the rich people live
where the allotments were and of course
where the church is and the sort of
slightly cross like fountain is in the
middle of the square
and you get this do hirako landscape
this sort of these empty towns with
these big shadows and big archways that
you feel that you've been to in a dream
sometime here's a cafe on the right you
see that the remnants of the cafe tables
and suddenly he's opening out this is
the epicenter and this is the big
lighting ring the largest lighting route
Roger Deakins they've agreed over
something like 2,000 lights which then
was turned in by visual effects to it to
a burning church out of the brightness
of it just to the right there emerges
this shadow because the shadow is
relaxed Scofield assumes him to be a
friend and the man assumes Scofield as a
friend until they get so close and they
realize hang on a second and here behind
him a small motorbike backs up onto
which the camera operator clients and
when George starts to run the motorbike
accelerates with him
Wow there was a fair amount of
rehearsals there there's so much in that
that was required the timing in
particular you know when he falls and
then waiting for the flare to but
they're all that right moment in knowing
when the when he's ready to move from
this cinematographers ready to move all
that kind of thing as well does I excite
you or is it terrifying or do you like
that loved it
yeah it's so fascinating it's like
bloody hell just for that one shot